docs: document GitLab projects as a publishing destination and correct the GitLab read-only claims (#749)
Promptless/docs: src/content/docs/docs/connect/doc-locations/github-repos.mdx

## Request additional platforms

> Beyond GitHub and GitLab, need integration with a Git-hosted platform not currently supported? We're continuously expanding platform support based on user feedback. Contact [help@gopromptless.ai](mailto\:help@gopromptless.ai). Also contact us if you're hoping to migrate to a new docs platform and we'll be happy to help you choose and set up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Need to integrate with a Git-hosted platform beyond GitHub and GitLab? We're continuously expanding platform support based on user feedback. Contact [help@gopromptless.ai](mailto\:help@gopromptless.ai). Also contact us if you're hoping to migrate to a new docs platform and we'll be happy to help you choose and set up.
```
